Modify rule S104, S138, S1151, S1752, S1753: Adapt titles and messages (#3932)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1151/rpg/rule.adoc

== Implementation Specification
(visible only on this page)

=== Message

> Reduce this "[switch/CASE|CASE/WHEN]" number of lines of code from {} to at most {}, for example by extracting code into a [method|subroutine|function].

Reviewer: nitpicking: I think only OTHER and WHEN can be in the message in rpg.
```suggestion
Reduce this "[WHEN|OTHER]" number of lines of code from {} to at most {}, for example by extracting code into a [method|subroutine|function].
```
